README.md, before:

# GLAMpipe
Visual tool for viewing, editing, downloading and uploading of GLAM-based data. 


# what is this?
http://artturimatias.github.io/GLAMpipe/

# what and where are nodes?
https://github.com/artturimatias/metapipe-nodes

# status
toddler


## install on Linux (Debian-based distros)

1. These commands should give you all you need to install Metapipe:

	    apt-get install mongodb
	    apt-get install git
	    apt-get install nodejs
	    apt-get install npm


2. Now its time to install GLAMpipe. Start by fetching code:

	    git clone https://github.com/artturimatias/GLAMpipe.git
Then move to directory that was created:

	    cd GLAMpipe

4. You need to install all the extra stuff that GLAMpipe needs. It's easy, just type:

	    npm install
Then type:

	    nodejs glampipe.js
You should see something like this:

	    GLAMpipe running!
	    copy this to your web browser -> http://localhost:3000

5. Finally you must make some settings. Aim your browser address to address shown. You should see page saying like this:

		ERROR: "datapath is not set!"
You need to create a directory where GLAMpipe can save content. After you have created it, type *full path* to the text box and click "set data path".
Then fetch nodes from github by clicking "fetch nodes". 
After that finishes, click "(re)load nodes to GLAMpipe". This will import nodes to database.

 If everything went well, You are all set! 
 
##problems
If things still don't work, than make sure that you have MongoDB
a) installed
b)  running

Commit message:

Compose (#9)
* initial docker-compose installation added

* added compose file

* compose fixes + node settings fixes

* updated installation howto

* node cleanups + ui fixes

* node run UI fixes

* pdf extract updates

* dspace fixes + ui fixes

* dspace upload + csv import fixed + ui object view in table

* added table search

* added csv import sample + UI count now shows filtered data count

README.md, after:

# GLAMpipe
Visual tool for viewing, editing, downloading and uploading of GLAM-based data. 


# what is this?
http://artturimatias.github.io/GLAMpipe/

# what and where are nodes?
https://github.com/artturimatias/metapipe-nodes

# status
toddler


## installation

GLAMpipe is installed via [Docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/). So first you need to install Docker:
https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/

1. Create a data directory for GLAMpipe, open terminal and change to that directory.

	    cd directory_you_just_created


2. Next download a docker compose file:


	    https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artturimatias/GLAMpipe/compose/docker-compose.yml
Copy content from here and save it as "docker-compose.yml"
Or, if you have curl installed, you can download it directly:

	    curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artturimatias/GLAMpipe/compose/docker-compose.yml

3. Then install GLAMpipe. It's easy, just type:

	    docker-compose up

This takes a while at first time since it load few hundred megabytes of data (next time the start up is almost instant). But finally you should see something like this:

	    GLAMpipe running!
	    copy this to your web browser -> http://localhost:3000

 If everything went well, You are all set! 
 You can stop GLAMpipe by pressing CTRL + C
 
##Upgrading
Just type

	docker-compose pull
and then

	docker-compose up	
 
##What did I just do?
You run docker compose file (docker-compose.yml) that setups a database container (mongodb) and GLAMpipe container and linked them together.
